chocolate truffle candies this is a
perfect candy to give to your sweetheart
on Valentine's Day I think it means so
much more to a person to make them a
gift rather than buying it for them and
these are super easy to make and they're
really yummy too so for this recipe you
will need 12 ounces of milk chocolate
chips but because of my grandpa's
pickiness we're using Hershey's milk
chocolate bars but regular milk
chocolate chips will work fine one-third
cup of heavy whipping cream one-quarter
teaspoon of almond extract one half cup
of toasted ground almonds eight ounces
of vanilla flavored candy coating one
half cup of semi-sweet chocolate chips
and one teaspoon of shortening in a
heavy saucepan add the milk chocolate
and heavy cream cook this on low heat
until the chocolate melts which should
take around five minutes remember to
stir this frequently so the cream
doesn't scorch to the bottom of the pan
then pour this out into a separate bowl
add the one quarter of almond extract
and beat with an electric mixer on low
speed until smooth about 30 seconds to a
minute then cover this and refrigerate
for at least one hour until the
chocolate mixture is cooled meanwhile
line a baking sheet with wax paper once
the mixture is cooled shape the
chocolate into 1-inch balls and roll
into the ground almonds then place on
your wax lined cookie sheet place in the
freezer for about 30 minutes so they can
Harden in the meantime melt the candy
coating and then line a separate cookie
sheet with waxed paper after they have
been in the freezer for about 30 minutes
dip the truffles into the candy coating
one at a time letting the excess drip
off then place on your prepared cookie
sheet
to decorate your troubles melt the
semi-sweet chocolate in the microwave on
fifty percent heat for one to two
minutes then mix in the TSP of
shortening place in a plastic baggie and
cut a hole out of the side then using a
back-and-forth motion drizzle the melted
chocolate all over the truffles and any
way you like and if you want to speed up
the drying of the chocolate just place
it back in the fridge for about another
ten minutes and then you're good to go
thanks for watching everyone